.TH NM-HOTSPOT 1 "October 2025" "nm-hotspot-cli 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nm-hotspot \- Simple CLI tool to manage Wi-Fi hotspots using NetworkManager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nm-hotspot
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
nm-hotspot is a command-line tool that allows users to quickly create and manage secure Wi-Fi hotspots using NetworkManager.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B help
Show help information.
.TP
.B create
Create a hotspot with optional SSID, password, band, and save options.
.TP
.B start
Start the saved hotspot configuration.
.TP
.B stop
Stop the active hotspot.
.TP
.B status
Display current hotspot status.
.TP
.B list
List available wireless devices.
.TP
.B config
Display saved configuration.
.TP
.B log
Show or manage logs.
.TP
.BR log " --tail \fIN\fR"
Show last N log entries (default: 20).
.TP
.BR log " --clear"
Clear the log file.
.SH OPTIONS (for \fBcreate\fR)
.TP
.B -s, --ssid \fISSID\fR
Set the hotspot name (default: MyHotspot).
.TP
.B -p, --password \fIPASS\fR
Set WPA2 password (min 8 chars; default: 12345678).
.TP
.B -b, --band \fIBAND\fR
Set band: bg (2.4GHz) or a (5GHz) (default: bg).
.TP
.B --save
Save the current configuration.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create a hotspot with default settings:
.B nm-hotspot create
.TP
Create a 5GHz hotspot:
.B nm-hotspot create -s "Coffee-Shop" -p "Secure1234" -b a
.TP
Start saved hotspot:
.B nm-hotspot start
.TP
Check hotspot status:
.B nm-hotspot status
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.config/nm-hotspot/hotspot.conf
Configuration file for default settings.
.TP
.B ~/.config/nm-hotspot/nm-hotspot.log
Log file.
.SH AUTHOR
HiddenKeyDev
.SH SEE ALSO
.B nmcli(1)
